h1. Spreadhead

<strong>spreadhead</strong> <em>noun</em> two facing pages of a book or other publication.

Rails content mangement for pages that shouldn't be views.

h2. Installation

Spreadhead is a Rails engine. It works with versions of Rails greater than 2.3.

In config/environment.rb:

<pre>
config.gem "jeffrafter-spreadhead",
  :lib     => 'spreadhead',
  :source  => 'http://gems.github.com'
</pre>

Vendor the gem:

<pre>
rake gems:install
rake gems:unpack
</pre>

Make sure the development database exists and run the generator:

<pre>
script/generate spreadhead
</pre>

A number of files will be created and instructions will be printed.

You may already have some of these files. Don't worry. You'll be asked if you want to overwrite them.

Run the migration:

<pre>
rake db:migrate
</pre>

h2. Routes

Spreadhead installs default catch-all routes. These are given the lowest priority in your application. If your application is already catching these routes then you may not be able to access your spreadhead pages.

h2. Cucumber Features

As your application evolves, you want to know that your pages still work. Cucumber tests are included.

Run the Cucumber generator (if you haven't already) and the feature generator:

<pre>
script/generate cucumber
script/generate spreadhead_features
</pre>

h2. Authors

Spreadhead is based on the blog post http://neverlet.be/2008/12/17/building-a-content-managment-system by Jeff Rafter

The engine implementation and gem was patterned after the Clearance gem by Thoughtbot.

h2. Suggestions, Bugs, Refactoring?

Fork away and create a "Github Issue":http://github.com/jeffrafter/spreadhead/issues. Please send pull requests.

